###### 2020年8月14日
In the 1960s and 1970s of United States, typical college students lived on the college compus, they attended classes 4 times. They were usually between 18 and 22 years old. They went to college for four years. A typical day for the students on the pass like this: They woke up in the dor-room share with the roommate. They ate breakfast in the school caffeteria then they went to classes. After classes they study in the library for a few hours. Maybe they went to a basketball game with friends at the . Perhaps they talk late at night in the dormrooms. The life of typical students were center on the college compus, social life is part of they academic life. Students wanted to get degree, they also wanted to learn how to be independent adults. The life of a college student has changed a lot since then. Although many students also go to classes four times, but many students don’t. Today many students are often older, working adults. These students usually study part-time, they are multi-generational and multi-cultural. They work and they go to school. They mean also have children to take care, they have full and busy life out side of school, school is just one part of their life, not the center of their life. They go to school to learn new skill for their job to get better jobs or they change careers. Some students go to school simply because they want to keep learning. What about the future? Well, they  would be not such things as typical students. Most people would take classes at some times in their life. People would study when they need to. they would study just to learn when they get older. And where would their study? In the future, most students would not go to school, school would come to students. College would offer more classes in the workplaces. People would be able to study and work without getting in to the car, internet classes would be common. People would be sit at the computer at anywhere of the world and learning. Distance learning would be more common, too. Using special television, students would take classes with teachers all over the world. Studying and work on the internet through distance learning is possible now, within the future, it would probably be more common. 

###### 2020年8月26日

Donald John Trump was born on June 14th, 1946. He is the 45th and the current President of the United States. Before entering politics, he was a businessman and television personality(电视名人). 

Trump was born and raised in Queens, New York City, and earned an economic degree from the Wharton School. He then took charge of the Trump Organization. The real estate(房地产公司) construction firm founded by his paternal  grandmother（奶奶）. Which he ran for 45 years until 2016. During his real estate career, Trump Built, renovated, and managed numerous office towers, hotels, casinos, and golf courses. Besides real estate, he started several side ventures and had licensed the use of his name for the branding of various products and properties. He owned the Miss USA, and Miss Universe pageants from 1996 to 2015, and he produced and hosted *The Apprentice*, a reality television series on NBC, from 2004 to 2015. His net worth was estimated to be 3.5 billion dollars in 2017, making him the 544th riches person in the world. 

Trump first publicly expressed interested in running for political office in 1987. He won 2 Reform Party presidential primaries in 2000, but withdrew his candidacy early on.  In June 2015, he launched his campaign for the 2016 presidential election and quickly emerge as the front-runner among 17 candicates in the Republican primaries. In July 2016, he was formally nominated at the Republican National Convertion. Trump won the general election on November 8th, 2016, in a surprise victory against Democratic opponent Hillary Clinton. Trump’s inauguration as the 45th President of the United states was held on Friday, January 20th, 2017. He became the oldest and the wealthiest person ever to assume presidency, the first without prior military or government service, and the fifth to a won presidential election while receiving a smaller share of the popular vote than his opponent. His political positions have been described by scholars and commentators as populist, protectionist, and nationalist.(2017年1月20日。他成为就任总统以来年龄最大、最富有的人，是第一位没有在军队或政府服务过的人，也是第五位赢得总统选举但获得的普选票数低于对手的人。他的政治立场被学者和评论员描述为民粹主义、保护主义和民族主义。)

